hello how about very welcome
portal coches.net let's go for a spin
in this bmw 3 cabrio series we accompany
please
to
we started
and can be seen outside 4 meters and
61 centimeters this version
convertible of the bmw series 3 still
responds to the old configuration the
next year surely in 2013
appear the new cabrio version of
increase what we can tell you is that
we loved it, you see it here three thousand
two hundred and sixty kilometers in ten
loan days of the press parking
43 hours behind the wheel as you will understand in
43 hours after that time you
we can say many things about this bmw
3 Series Convertible Gasoline 325 and 218
hind traction horses and I can you
ensure that it responds to everything that
you can ask a convertible bmw
and four real authentic seats
is cheating because we carry the chairs
very forward for front fit
two people perfectly descapotados
the wind will not affect them too much
still you have a panel that if that is not
automatic is manual to put behind
so that the wind bothers you even less
for 120 the wind and consists of climbs
you can talk without any problem
trunk of 350 liters that has carried a
a little less clothes a little space
but two people suitcases for a
week in a weekend 100 a
full week gives the best of
everything because I think that this consumption of 8
liters that you dial here after 3,200
kilometers seems like a pass to me
true that it has done a lot of highway but
he has also wandered a lot and always
with agility and sportsmanship
feature of mv that I can most
say obviously
there are quite a few extras this version of
series with six automatic change
speeds costs fifty-three thousand
eight hundred euros
the version that we are driving and that
you can see in this video you go up to the
65 thousand to about 12 thousand euros in extras the
Cheaper cheaper version should
This bmw 3 cabrio series corresponds to the
318 and that goes for 43 thousand 200 euros a
quite affordable price to have a
sporty and a bmw and a convertible 3
to 1 what else can I tell you as well
has a sports mode that the truth is
that shows quite
you can see it and especially good
has things like from the change of
paddles on the steering wheel until the change
until the start by button and next
you do not have to take the key out of the
pocket to enter or be my story
evidently the majority are paid
parts comfort much sportsmanship
also however the suspensions do not
they are as hard as on other occasions
because well, because obviously it is
a recreational vehicle and you do not have either
much more powerful versions to search
that that sportsmanship the price is very
affordable very affordable the price is
pretty good for what is bmw the
trunk is very good comfort of use
and the driving pleasure is incredible
benefits and even at this speed
adaptive cruise the truth is that
in this bmw
the brand has behaved quite well
for a relatively affordable price
we can find enough enough
3,200 kilometer devices
I can assure you that there are many things
good and many positive things
you know that's a little video not
I want to extend a lot of portal coches.net
on the world reference website
engine
and of a text next to this video that
it is going to declare absolutely all
advantages and disadvantages that this has
theme uve series 3 cabrio thanks for
be there see you in the next and
especially do not miss this text
The car is timely on the page
web reference to the world the engine
thanks to see you next up soon
or chao